---
title: 20240913
search:
  exclude: true
---

Part 1

[Stats]

- 🧮 The maximum amount of unspent points at any time is now 26. Added a warning to remind you to spend them.
- 🚫 Incrementing an unspent stat point will no longer allow you to bypass the premaster, master, and grandmaster stat caps.

[The Exchange]

- 🎨 Generic town dyes have been added to Pratix for purchase.
- 🧴 Dye Stripper has been added to Pratix to remove town colors from class armors.

[Spells]

- ✝️ Removed "Salvation" from the game.

[Skills]

🛡️ Warrior

- Flurry: Base damage and stat multiplier increased.
- Scathe: Base damage and stat multiplier increased.

🥋 Monk

- Cyclone Twist, Hydro Siphon, Molten Strike, and Seismic Slam now have the correct elemental damage.

[Items]

- 🎭 Carnun Helmet is now unisex.

[Quests]

- 🎭 Terror of The Crypt now has more Random Overcoats:
    - Dyeable Training Outfit
    - Black Penguin Costume
    - Blue Penguin Costume
    - Chicken Costume
    - Cow Costume
    - Dog Outfit
    - Jester Suit
    - Pupkin Costume
    - Reindeer Costume
    - Shark Costume
    - Sheep Costume
    - (This was updated awhile back but wasn't mentioned.)

- 🧙 Female Wizard/Priest Nightmare should now progress correctly when speaking with Narve.

[Religion]

- ✝️ Fixed a bug where the person hosting mass didn't add or accumulate the "Last Held Mass for (X)" legend mark.

- 🕊️ Fixed an issue where mass hosted by the Goddess didn’t give experience.

- 🙏 Fixed an issue where players outside of the Goddess religion were getting rewards.

- Attending mass now gives:
    - Level 1-98: 25% of the follower's level in experience reward.
    - Level 99: 10 million experience.


Part 2

[Experience]

- 🎉 Double Experience for the weekend is now in effect.

[The Exchange]

- 🎲 Pratix now stocks Mithril Dice. This item will protect an item from breaking upon death, consuming itself instead.

[Group]

- 👥 "Random" group loot mode now informs the entire group of looted items.

[Death]

- 💀 A message telling you that Mithril Dice saved an item on death is now included in the F pane.
- 📜 Made the message of an item breaking on death easier to see in the F pane.

[Spell]

- ✨ Ard Srad stats were fixed.

[Skill]

- 🎯 Relentless Draw added to Sapphire Stream skill merchants.

[Items]

- 💀 Increased the drop chance of the Dark Skull Necklace from Undead King and Soul Collector by a lot.