---
search:
  exclude: true
---

📢 Patch Notes

🎮 [Arena]

    🌊 Fixed an issue where huge waves would spawn at the beginning of Aquaedon's Wake.

    🧟 Infection mode Freeze Tag match duration lowered to favor survivors.

    🧊 Players can now only be unfrozen once during Freeze Tag before being caged in the center. (Boo box groupers!)

    🙈 Player names no longer show in red during Freeze Tag, making it easier to hide behind objects.

    👀 Lights Out now adds 1 Hunter per 15 players (was every 8).

    🚦 Red Light, Green Light is now more forgiving when players move as Red Light activates.

    🧨 Fixed a crash when loading tons of players onto small-tile-count maps.

🗺️ [World Map]

    🧭 Abel and Undine now have more access points to the world map.

🔥 [Creants]

    🕊️ Fixed Phoenix Whirlwinds despawning if the last player was pulled into the sky.

💇 [Beauty Shop]

    💅 Josephine no longer holds you down and forces gender changes, if you change your mind.

🌀 [Portal Trinket]

    🎯 Improved algorithm for finding better portal spawn points.

🎲 [Trials]

    ⏳ Trial of Luck timer increased from 60 → 90 seconds.

🧠 [Terminus / F1 Menu]

    🕒 A Cooldown / Timed Event Tracker has been added to the F1 Menu for easy tracking.

🪵 [Training Dummies]

    ❤️ Dummies now respond to generic heals.

🏰 [Guild Hall]

    ⚔️ Fixed an issue where players were dying during simulations in the Guild Hall.

🩸 [Transfer Blood]

    💉 Now uses the pure heal formula, unaffected by healing bonuses.

🧾 [Quests]

    🐜 Porte Forest and Karlopos Traps now accept Giant Ant Wings again.