---
search:
  exclude: true
---

[General]

    Villagers should now commit suicide when trying to navigate for more than 7 minutes.

    Lanterns now automatically turn on when entering darkness, as your hands don't work in the dark.

    You can now view your active bounties using Terminus (F1 Menu).

    Sgrios now revives to full instead of twenty percent.

[Master Dungeon]

    Master Dungeon fight now limits the power of players who have already done it.

[Boards]

    Bank boards are now a singular board for buying/selling/trading.

[Crafting]

    Lowered cost of trading all plants by 1/3.

    "tornhemp", "hemp", "finehemp", and "exquisitehemp" can now be sold to Gwendolyn.

[Monster Drops]

    Several Mythic drops had their category changed from "Monster" to "Quest".

    Flower, marinade, and sugar drop chance increased (or added) to various monsters.

[Limbo]

    Non-boss monsters now have undead defense instead of dark.

    Non-boss monsters have had their HP reduced by 25%.

[Spells]

Wizards

    Wizards nerfed Fas Spiorad themselves back to: 15s cooldown, sacrifices 60% current HP, restores MP equal to 1.1x health sacrificed, 10s no heals.

    Fixed a bug causing Seismic Shift to throw creatures in the wrong direction if you turned too quickly after casting it.

    Reduced the effect apply chance of Ard-Meall spells from 75% to 60%.

    The initial hit of Meteor can now miss due to magic resistance, but the cascading AoE and ground effect will apply regardless.

    Meteor can now be cast on allies like a Meall (but you miss out on the single-target damage).

Priest

    Deo Searg – Fixed a description issue that said it was 250,000 gold when it actually costs 500,000 to learn.

Monk

    Ao Dall for monks – Updated the description to correct the amount of gold required from 5,000 to 15,000.

    Fixed a typo in Adaptive Skin. 
