---
search:
  exclude: true
---

~Halloween Events~

~Count & Countess~
Count and Countess have returned to their Mansion in House Macabre. Do you dare face them? 
(Drops and Experience are map wide, Group that kills the boss will receive extra drops.)

~Billy's Graveyard~
Billy just can't get any sleep, all these other zombies are waking him up! This is his graveyard, he demands quiet! Will you go shut them other zombies up? Waves are endless, bosses spawn every 5 waves, no death penalty. Leaderboard will show you who the strongest of Aislings are. 

~Scaring Senaan~
Senaan is just your normal Lich, hanging out in the Secluded Cave. He's not usually in the Halloween mood, but maybe you can get him into it. Figure out what scares Senaan by equipping different items to get his attention. 
(Can only be done once, multiple items may need to be equipped).

~Trick or Treat~ 
This event will start on Halloween and last through November 2nd. Say "Trick or Treat!" to the merchants throughout Temuair, they may give you a treat or a trick! Beware. 

New Cosmetic Items are released per request:
Ghost Mask
Ghost Sheet
Eingren Ghost
Skeletal Wings
Gargoyle Wings
Skull Mask
Frankenstein Mask
Zombi Mask
Ancient Dubhaim Armor
Ancient Dubhaim Plate
Ancient Dubhaim Horns (Male)
Ancient Dubhaim Horns (Female)

In other news:

Casino has been reopened. Monster Racing is now working properly, you may bet anywhere from 1k - 1 million gold on your lane. The money is pooled together, if multiple players win on the same lane, the money is divided by proportion betted. If only one player wins, the entire pot of money goes to that player. (This will be adjusted and fixed in the future). If no one wins, the money is lost.

~Damage Game~
Pure Classes now have unique titles awarded to them.

~Element Table~
Undead now has 1.00 across the board for Defense and Offense.